[doc] remove build & configuration instructions from CLI readme (#144)
openthread/ot-commissioner: README.md

## Getting started

> See [OT Commissioner guides](https://openthread.io/guides/commissioner) to get started. Reference to [OT Commissioner CLI document](src/app/cli/README.md) for all CLI commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [OT Commissioner guide](https://openthread.io/guides/commissioner) to get started. Reference to [OT Commissioner CLI documentation](src/app/cli/README.md) for all CLI commands.
```

> See [OT Commissioner guide](https://openthread.io/guides/commissioner) to get started. Reference to [OT Commissioner CLI documentation](src/app/cli/README.md) for all CLI commands.

Reviewer 2: Second sentence can be

"See [OT Commissioner CLI documentation](src/app/cli/README.md) for a reference of all CLI commands."

Author: Resolved, please review @Vyrastas
